
YEAHHHHHH!!!get restart fixed

add generic pop up
		bind for csv file errors


add col sort
    add filters- on some


validation focused alpha branch
	pull out splitter, xtra buttons, chkbx

After files selected
	change cursor to wait cursor
Progress Bar
	with
	func(elem, #) that updates progress bar (0-100) % in center
			bound alias @ toolbar funcBind				progressCallback


tweak filters for each column



Taylor:
	

Flesh out file set validation
	--are there 3 csv files exactly?
	--does each of the three have a name that maps to a distinct entity?
		"2 identified of 3 expected. Not able to find the file for (entity). Please
					use a file name with csv extension and (entity) in the file name. "
		--Went with invalid file name instead as it will catch this error without changing the code structure.

	possible errors with files themselves
		--is this file empty?			'the file (entity.csv) is empty'
		make sure there are at least as many headers as there are cols in dict
			--if some fields, but not all, tell them which ones are missing
				colCheckList = object.keys(hdrDict)- rmv as found
					--The following cols are missing ^.join n-missing of x-expected
		probs matching cols-
			--if a col in file is not in dict, leave related col data behind.
		probs matching any rows-
			--if (missing part of a row) stop and report row number (row x of the data in fileName didn't parse)


TODO:
	build location ref array with all loc fields concat together as keys with all int recrds in array inside 
		only rows with no loc desc and other data (more than can auto generate desc)

	update reference table

	make data set exercising all types of validation error reporting

	"Citation 24 does not exist in the imported citation data and is referenced by 2 interaction records on rows #, #."


	"Rows referenced but not found" (move null refs to top of report)
		There are # citation records which reference author short names not found in the author data 
			shortname  | id
	"Fields required but left blank"
		~There are ## interaction records with locdesc field empty amd data in other loc fields 
		## 17 interactions have this data set and no loc desc || if only affects single record add row in front
	"Conflicting data"
		There are 2 author records with the same short name and conflicting data in other fields.
		"" locdesc:

	--Just before giving tulen their copy--
		With fresh data, double check each row is the row it should be from the spreadsheets,
		delete those rows from csv files.
			they should then, with all validation errors deleted, load into grid. 
				Check to make sure every row that is now in csv is also in the final grid.





GENERAL WORK MOVING FORWARD
	--PAYMENT PAGE FOR WHM
	--CRON JOB BACKUPS


